Fix "text-auditor" typos in data plane team files (#51512)
elastic/beats: docs/reference/filebeat/add-fields.md

        op_type: "index"
```

> When the event is ingested (e.g. by Elasticsearch) the document will have `op_type: "index"` set as a metadata field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the event is ingested (for example, by Elasticsearch) the document will have `op_type: "index"` set as a metadata field.
```
